camera is rolling yeah just make sure
you get under the eyes that's the
important part that's where the money is
easy dear
music hurry this along a lot of people
and you're giving me a summer color and
I'm really more of a winter hi I'm Chad
let's do clampy thing again clap ease
thank you mark oh I thought you want to
meet a clap sorry sorry nervous here so
my name is herb I work with office and
things know Murray Murray listen I got
to do this stupid commercial thing and
then we can do the thing for tricks or
Cheerios or whatever the hell it is for
those kids that's fine
my name is mooch I'm from Craig's bed
and thank you you're going to be
performing the French national anthem
yes and action
just raise a Papillon fromage croissant
the Eiffel Tower I am the king the king
of Canada this is for you love you
Israel I like eating flatbread something
Yom Kippur they had a king and queen who
ate dessert
cut that what oh there's a king of
France and king of Los X or e mrs.
goldstein I cannot walk your dog nothing
all right please thank you wait try just
go weird girl go no I don't have a car
but I have a bike I just okay magic
until one piece one nation crash bad all
right I'm done thank you thank you thank
you very much for that